# rpgChatGame
RPG: ------------------------------------------------------- Sections: ------------------------------------------------------- 1-Basic Game Flow 2-Characters 3-Base Weapons 4-Base Armor 5-Base Spells 6-Base Enemies ------------------------------------------------------- 1-Basic Game Flow The basic flow will be in which the Manager (or whatever title you wanna call it) keeps track of character info, the game world, and, to kick off, give a description of the game world the players are in. Firstly, each player will create a character (read section 2 for more info) or pick up with an existing character. Then, the Manager will bring everybody back up to speed and start the game. They will present situations, combat, and dialogue to the party, and each player may give dialogue or perform an action. When giving an action, MAKE SURE THAT YOUR TEXT IS IN ITALITCS (surrounded by *). This is to be sure about what is dialogue and what is an action or attack. At any time you can ask the Manager what your current stats and items are. Also, remain orderly and on topic. Any disruptive messages will be dealt with and users can be kicked from the room if they continue to disrupt an active session. During combat, the fastest player goes first (the Manager will announce who's turn it is, to rid of any confusion). Damage is calcuated as followed: damage - (enemy defense / 2) + roll of dice (The Manager will roll a dice, physically, and add that to the damage) + stat (covered in Section 2) While speaking to an NPC, the Manager will specify which player they are speaking to. If anyone else butts in, they will be ignored until the current conversation is done. Other than that, actions, dialogue, and the situations themselves are pretty freeform. The Manager can come up with any world, item, armor, or enemy they want, as long it is fair (e.g. not too difficult for the party). IF you die, at certain points in the game the manager can add in a revival alter and bring you back. Also the Manager can let the party go into a store. They can buy and sell items, armor, etc. ------------------------------------------------------- 2-Characters Before you can play the game, you must make a character. Before a session begins, the Manager will guide each player through this process. First, you must understand the different stats. They are Strength (STR), Dexterity (DEX), Accuracy (ACR), and Power (POW). Strength determines how much damage is dealt with 2-handed weapons, Dexterity determines how much damage is dealt with 1-handed weapons, Accuracy determines how much damage is dealt with bows, and Power determines how effective spells are. Speed (SPD) determines you goes first. There is also Health, or HP. If this runs out, you WILL DIE. Now, the player must pick a race. They are as followed: RACE - STR - DEX - ACR - POW - SPD - HP Dwarf - 5 - 3 - 1 - 1 - 1 - 25 Elf - 1 - 1-- 3 - 5 - 5 - 15 Human - 3 - 5 - 1 - 1 - 3 - 20 Then, they must choose a class. They are as followed: Warrior. +3 STR, +2 DEX. Iron Battle Axe and Iron Armor. Pallidin. +3 DEX. +2 POW. Iron Mace, Chain Armor, and one Lv. 1 spell of choice. Knight. +3 DEX. +2 STR. Iron Sword, Iron Armor. Mage. +3 POW. +2 STR. Staff and two Lv. spells of choice. Archer. +3 ACR. +2 SPD. Long Bow and Iron Dagger. Barbarian. +5 STR. Iron Sledehammer and Iron Armor. Sorcerer. +5 POW. Three Lv. 1 spells of choice. Bowman. +5 ACR. Longbow and Leather Armor. Finally, they must choose a modifier. These give one final bonus. They are as followed: Hearth Sign. +5 HP. Brawn Sign. +1 STR. Handy Sign. +1 DEX. Sight Sign. +1 ACR. Brain Sign. +1 POW. Haste Sign. +1 SPD. After that, the Manager will compile all of their data and move on to the next player until they are done with all players. After killing a monster (anyone that hit it gets XP), you get XP. Once you reach you XP limit (your level * 50), you get to level up! All stats are increased by one, and your Max Hp goes up by 5. Your level is then increased. ------------------------------------------------------- 3-Base Weapons Here is a list of all weapons, their stats, and what level is required to get them: Name---------------------------Lv----Hands-----Damage Iron Dagger 1 1 1 Iron Sword 1 1 2 Iron Mace 1 1 3 Iron Greatsword 1 2 4 Iron BattleAxe 1 2 5 Iron Sledgehammer 1 2 6 Steel Dagger 3 1 3 Steel Sword 3 1 4 Steel Mace 3 1 5 Steel Greatsword 3 2 6 Steel BattleAxe 3 2 7 Steel Sledgehammer 3 2 8 Damascus Dagger 5 1 5 Damascus Sword 5 1 6 Damascus Mace 5 1 7 Damascus Greatsword 5 2 8 Damascus BattleAxe 5 2 9 Damascus Sledgehammer 5 2 10 Mithril Dagger 7 1 7 Mithril Sword 7 1 8 Mithril Mace 7 1 9 Mithril Greatsword 7 2 10 Mithril BattleAxe 7 2 11 Mithril Sledgehammer 7 2 12 The Manager, if need be, can make more weapons for this list. ------------------------------------------------------- 4-Base Armor Here is a list of all armors, their stats, and what level is required to get them: Name--------------------------Lv----Defense----Speed Reduction Leather Armor 1 3 0 Chainmail Armor 1 5 1 Iron Armor 1 7 2 Plate Armor 3 7 1 Steel Armor 3 9 2 Red Mar Armor 5 9 1 Damascus Armor 5 11 3 Mithril Armor 7 13 0 As with weapons, The Manager, if need be, can make more armors for this list. ------------------------------------------------------- 5- Base Spells Here is a list of all spells, their stats, and what level is required to get them: Name------------------Lv---Effect Fireball 1 5 damage Lesser Heal 1 +5 HP to anyone in the party Defense 1 +5 Defense next time you get hit (temporary) Speed up 1 Next turn, you go first Ice Spike 3 10 damage Heal 3 +10 HP to anyone in the party Shield 3 +10 Defense next time you get hit (temporary) Super Speed 3 For the next 2 turns, you go first Lightning Strike 5 15 damage Super Heal 5 +15 HP to anyone in the party Iron Skin 5 +15 Defense next time you get hit (temporary) Blinding Speed 5 For the next 3 turns, you go first Light Beam 7 20 damage Mend Limbs 7 +20 HP to anyone in the party Wall 7 the party gets +5 Defense for the rest of the battle Speed of Light 7 For the next 4 turns, you go first As with all other things, The Manager, if need be, can make more spells for this list. ------------------------------------------------------- 6- Base Enemies Here is a list of usable enemies: (Note that bosses have a * by there name) Name----------HP----Defense----Damage Dealt----XP give Rat 5 0 1 1 Goblin 10 2 2 3 Skeleton 10 0 3 5 Ghoul 15 2 3 7 Wild Orc 20 4 4 12 King Orc* 50 4 6 20 Rogue Knight 30 6 5 15 Wind Caller 40 6 6 17 Lesser Dragon*75 8 8 30 As with everything else on this forsaken list, The Manager can add new enemies and bosses. The Manager also can determine how much gold an enemy drops. -------------------------------------------------------
