# Basic game Flow

The basic flow will be in which the Manager (or whatever title you wanna call it) keeps track of character info, the game world, and, to kick off, give a description of the game world the players are in. Firstly, each player will create a character (read section 2 for more info) or pick up with an existing character. Then, the Manager will bring everybody back up to speed and start the game. They will present situations, combat, and dialogue to the party, and each player may give dialogue or perform an action. When giving an action, MAKE SURE THAT YOUR TEXT IS IN ITALITCS (surrounded by *). This is to be sure about what is dialogue and what is an action or attack. At any time you can ask the Manager what your current stats and items are. Also, remain orderly and on topic. Any disruptive messages will be dealt with and users can be kicked from the room if they continue to disrupt an active session. During combat, the fastest player goes first (the Manager will announce who's turn it is, to rid of any confusion). Damage is calcuated as followed: damage - (enemy defense / 2) + roll of dice (The Manager will roll a dice, physically, and add that to the damage) + stat (covered in Section 2) While speaking to an NPC, the Manager will specify which player they are speaking to. If anyone else butts in, they will be ignored until the current conversation is done. Other than that, actions, dialogue, and the situations themselves are pretty freeform. The Manager can come up with any world, item, armor, or enemy they want, as long it is fair (e.g. not too difficult for the party). IF you die, at certain points in the game the manager can add in a revival alter and bring you back. Also the Manager can let the party go into a store. They can buy and sell items, armor, etc.