# Characters

Before you can play the game, you must make a character. Before a session begins, the Manager will guide each player through this process. First, you must understand the different stats. They are Strength (STR), Dexterity (DEX), Accuracy (ACR), and Power (POW). Strength determines how much damage is dealt with 2-handed weapons, Dexterity determines how much damage is dealt with 1-handed weapons, Accuracy determines how much damage is dealt with bows, and Power determines how effective spells are. Speed (SPD) determines you goes first. There is also Health, or HP. If this runs out, you WILL DIE. Now, the player must pick a race. They are as followed: RACE - STR - DEX - ACR - POW - SPD - HP Dwarf - 5 - 3 - 1 - 1 - 1 - 25 Elf - 1 - 1-- 3 - 5 - 5 - 15 Human - 3 - 5 - 1 - 1 - 3 - 20 Then, they must choose a class. They are as followed: Warrior. +3 STR, +2 DEX. Iron Battle Axe and Iron Armor. Pallidin. +3 DEX. +2 POW. Iron Mace, Chain Armor, and one Lv. 1 spell of choice. Knight. +3 DEX. +2 STR. Iron Sword, Iron Armor. Mage. +3 POW. +2 STR. Staff and two Lv. spells of choice. Archer. +3 ACR. +2 SPD. Long Bow and Iron Dagger. Barbarian. +5 STR. Iron Sledehammer and Iron Armor. Sorcerer. +5 POW. Three Lv. 1 spells of choice. Bowman. +5 ACR. Longbow and Leather Armor. Finally, they must choose a modifier. These give one final bonus. They are as followed: Hearth Sign. +5 HP. Brawn Sign. +1 STR. Handy Sign. +1 DEX. Sight Sign. +1 ACR. Brain Sign. +1 POW. Haste Sign. +1 SPD. After that, the Manager will compile all of their data and move on to the next player until they are done with all players. After killing a monster (anyone that hit it gets XP), you get XP. Once you reach you XP limit (your level * 50), you get to level up! All stats are increased by one, and your Max Hp goes up by 5. Your level is then increased. 